Implementation of certificate revocation functionality (#2899)
kyma-project/kyma: components/connector-service/README.md

- **runtimesInfoURL** - URL at which the management information for runtimes is available. If not provided, it bases on `connectorServiceHost`.
- **certificateValidityTime** - Time until which the certificates that the service issues are valid. The default value is 90 days.
- **central** - Determines whether the Connector Service works in the central mode.

> - **revocationConfigMapName** - Name of the config map containing revoked certificates list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **revocationConfigMapName** - Name of the ConfigMap containing the revoked certificates list.
```

Reviewer 2: Done.
